hello kids here alfredo díaz and today you
I wanted to teach a tutorial about the cube
from rubik
in which I will show you how to take the cube
to be able to do it faster and for you
to be able to use it faster and that's worth
with the curved thumbs here I
then and with the color ones
so the cube would be taken
yes
then now what we would have for
that and to learn how to make it easier
A) Yes
consume doing so with the two with the
from below also
OK
and good I'll show you an algorithm
for
to recite and learn to do
faster movements it's about
four movements that if we do them
six times when the juice is done
Of course, we do six times the course
reassemble vale then it would be
up left down right right so a
Having thus serves private test left
for down right two up arrives
down right three up you have down
right four top left down
right five top left down
right and six times and as a product
It is completely rich
and you will have to do it well enough
times for each time make it faster to
I get it as fast as others but
good more or less
It's also because the juice is not very
good and it moves worse and that
so that's why I recommend a
diane that is the one that I am going to buy I do not
well my next tutorial
I will teach you how to assemble the cube as
we have to lubricate and that
Well, goodbye suns